our aim was to create a plant with a
scent that makes its owner happy we are
entering a new era here the first mood
lifting antidepressant hoppy plant we've
received orders from all over the world
I just wanted to say that I feel really
proud to be working with you look what I
have for you what do you say we call him
Little Joe you have to take good care of
it
keep it warm talk to it it needs
attention what's so special about
it makes you happy haven't you noticed
how chris has changed
I think it'll Joe's pollen has triggered
something the tool drove changes the
people he infects you're starting to
notice tool aren't you
[Music]
fear can distort our perception of
reality if I make a mistake then it's my
fault it seems that this has open a bit
much for you frightens me you're a good
mother I which of your children will you
choose
you